[opening theme music playing]
[sighs]
What kind of madness is this, huh?
Killing Mu-deok then reviving her?
Is that something to speculate?
That foolish girl.
I could not even stop them
since she volunteered.
[sighs]
That girl…
was actually smiling.
Yes. I will try to do it.
[Heo Yeom] That childish fool!
I bet she was just happy to hear that
she would get 100 yang in gold.
Do you really think it was the gold…
that made that girl smile like that?
I do not like this situation either.
So I will let you die now, painlessly.
Everyone's gathered here
to see me brought back to life,
not to see me die. So, please!
They seem to be plotting to reveal
your true identity by stalling for time.
After that girl dies,
intercept the power of the ice stone
and shift your soul
into So-i's body right away.
If the Queen dies here now,
we'll be able to end this meeting.
[chuckles softly]
We will leave Songrim
with the ice stone without trouble.
Why do you think His Majesty
chose that girl?
She's the weakest person here
without a doubt.
It was an easy choice.
[suspenseful music playing]
[wind whooshing]
[grunts]
[thrilling music playing]
So pretty!
My dear Bu-yeon.
Oh, Mother.
[somber music playing]
[celestial music playing]
Yes, Your Majesty, you can do this.
Keep using that power to shift your soul.
[queen] I'm not doing anything.
The one moving the ice stone
is not actually me.
Then who is?
[suspenseful music playing]
[thunder rumbles]
[wind howls]
[thunder rumbling]
[suspenseful music playing]
You have to stop it now.
[whimpers]
Mother, Mother, are you okay?
Bu-yeon.
[So-i] Did she know? She must know!
They're going to revive Mu-deok with that.
They can't. She must die.
[yells]
[wind howling]
[suspenseful music continues playing]
[exhales]
What did you do?
Where did you hide the ice stone?
[exhales, gasps]
What just happened?
[Heo Yeom] Did you see that?
The ice stone's energy touched
the energy of the sky.
After that, the sky took away
the ice stone.
It hasn't disappeared.
It is…
still here.
Over there?
[stammers]
Where? I don't see it.
[light music playing]
[Go Won]
First, sudden thunder and lightning,
and now, fog in the middle of the day?
It's not just the fog.
Something has gone wrong.
-While I was unconscious?
-Yes.
Is something wrong with the ice stone?
[Beom] Is this a dream?
-There are flowers everywhere.
-[Hyo] This doesn't feel real.
Are we dead right now? Is this heaven?
Hey, hey!
[Go Won] Enough of nonsense.
If we are in heaven,
am I the Great Jade Emperor right now,
he's an angel?
Huh? An angel?
[whimsical music playing]
What is that?
I don't think it's an angel at least.
Maybe a ghost?
[Yun-ok] Are you all mages?
Yes, we are mages of Jeongjingak.
[sighs in relief]
So you were here, too, Young Lady?
Will you let go of me?
Um, Jang Uk,
don't go anywhere and guard this place.
[stammers] You.
Go there.
-I will go to the Training Center.
-[mage] Royal Highness, we'll go with you.
What is going on now?
What was with the thunder?
Unfortunately, we do not know
what is going on yet, either.
I am sure we'll know once the fog clears.
If we are in neither heaven nor hell,
the flowers blooming makes no sense.
[Jang Uk] Do you really think this is fog?
[mysterious music playing]
[mages grunt]
What the hell are you guys doing, huh?
Sorry, Royal Highness.
When we approached the door,
we were pushed back by
a great force of wind all of a sudden.
Wind?
I don't see any wind around here.
Don't go any further.
You cannot really see it,
but it's true a great force
is blocking the way.
What on earth is really going on now?
It's a barrier.
It seems a great barrier
is surrounding Jeongjingak.
A barrier?
Who would put up a barrier right here?
[Beom] Your Highness.
[pants] Your Highness.
A priestess of Jinyowon
is inside Jeongjingak.
We found Jin Bu-yeon of Jinyowon,
who brought the ice stone,
collapsed on the ground.
[dramatic music playing]
Mu-deok.
Energy generated by the ice stone
lingered around Jeongjingak
and has become a barrier.
Who is inside Jeongjingak as of now?
Jang Uk and Seo Yul are absent.
It seems like they are in there.
Young Lady Heo is also in there.
My dear Yun-ok!
His Royal Highness
is also trapped inside the barrier.
What?
[male mage 1] My dear Beom!
Is my son also in there?
[male mage 2] Where is my son, Jin-ho?
Lady Jin, you must do something.
Your daughter who was swept off
by the ice stone must also be in there.
We must not touch the barrier.
We all witnessed how this happened
when Jin Bu-yeon touched the ice stone.
Jinyowon has caused all this
by using the ice stone.
You asked me to show you its power,
and now you are placing the blame on me?
[scoffs]
Are you really going to start fighting?
Stop that now!
Our dear children are in there!
[Heo Yeom screams]
Yun-ok!
[tense music playing]
[Go Won] Does the sudden barrier
around Jeongjingak
have anything to do with you,
the priestess, being here?
What really happened
at the Training Center?
[exhales] Well…
[So-i] This is all happening
because of Mu-deok.
Because she is
the real priestess, Jin Bu-yeon.
But I cannot tell everyone
because they think I am her.
What do I do?
[sighs]
I asked you a question, priestess.
I don't…
I don't know.
I have no idea
what happened since I can't see.
There was a sudden gust of wind.
I fainted, then woke up here.
You don't even know
how you actually got here?
How could I know how I got to this place
if I don't even have
any idea of where I am?
[exhales]
Young Lady Jin Bu-yeon does not look
very well.
She is very pale and
she's sweating a lot as well.
[Mu-deok] How does she look to you?
Perhaps you could question her
after she rests.
[exhales]
All right, let her rest.
Come.
She is likely lying.
What is she hiding?
Not sure. Mu-deok must know.
Mu-deok, were you with So-i?
How come you're here in Jeongjingak?
I was already here in the first place.
You were already here?
I thought you were serving tea
at the Training Center.
I followed you here to Jeongjingak
as soon as I was done serving tea.
I don't know what happened
at the Training Center.
There's absolutely no point
in asking a servant such as her
who only knows how to follow
her master around like a little puppy.
[Hyo] You don't need to worry.
The very best mages of Daeho are all
gathered around here.
They will break this barrier
sooner or later.
Go and bring some tea
for His Royal Highness.
Oh, yes.
[sighs]
"A servant who only knows
how to follow her master around
like a lost little puppy dog."
That's how Mu-deok is.
Oh, dear!
There is no water to boil.
[chuckles]
[light music playing]
As always,
tea made with magic tastes best.
It's been forever.
[Mu-deok] My energy finally returned
inside the ice stone.
What's this? Where am I?
[young Bu-yeon] It was not
taken from us this time.
We are inside the ice stone.
[Mu-deok] This is the ice stone?
Because it's not bound to a shape or size,
and can become…
water, fire, or wind.
Then, you mean
the ice stone is mine right now?
[Mu-deok's soul] No one can be
the master of the ice stone.
You can only borrow its power.
When something is pulled,
something is pushed.
When something is gained,
something is lost.
That is the burden of the person
who uses its power.
I'm more than willing to bear as much.
[Mu-deok's soul] Go ahead, then.
An overflowing spirit
is not something you can just discard
after you're done with it.
Just as you can't avoid floods
after wanting rain.
Or avoid typhoons if you want wind.
You must bear it.
Who are you?
Are you the relic of Jinyowon?
How can you call me a relic
when you are the one
living off this body?
[epic music playing]
Jeongjingak?
[Mu-deok] What was that?
Was it a relic that latched onto
the ice stone when it was in Jinyowon?
[Beom] Hey, Mu-deok, what is this?
This tea cup
for the Crown Prince has a chip in it.
Oh, dear, I'm sorry. I will get another.
[Mu-deok] Wait!
I do not need to be sorry anymore.
-[Hyo] Mu-deok.
-Yes?
The table is so dirty. Wipe it down.
[Mu-deok] It is as if
being a servant is second nature.
Have I completely become Mu-deok?
I am not Mu-deok anymore.
Mu-deok.
-[tense music playing]
-Uh.
[laughs awkwardly]
We all haven't had much to eat today
because of the circumstances.
Can you bring us something right now?
Oh, you know,
that sujebi would be really nice.
Okay?
There is no Mu-deok after this sujebi.
Once I am done making this,
there will be no more Mu-deok.
As soon as I use the alchemy of souls
to leave this body,
I can become anyone
who I would like to be.
I can even be the King.
[whimsical music playing]
[laughs]
Shall I kill my enemy
and take over that body?
[laughs]
[exclaims]
[groans] I don't want that.
[inhales]
Park Jin would be better.
[fantasy music playing]
[laughs]
[hums]
[chuckles]
I can really be anyone I want.
I guess I should think about it more.
This is such a perfect dough.
It's too good just for sujebi.
Should I make noodles?
Uk likes noodles much better.
[tranquil music playing]
[Master Lee] Hmm.
There is a very faint taste of pheasant.
I guess this will be the last meal
I prepare for Young Master.
-Young Master.
-Oh.
I made noodle soup. Go and have some.
Yeah.
[sighs]
With that, the servant Mu-deok
will be going now.
And thus…
the master and pupil relationship is done.
It's done?
You may not have noticed yet, but…
we're inside the ice stone and…
I regained my power
just like that time on the lake.
I will soon perform the alchemy of souls
and leave this body for good.
So, you will leave now?
And you'll never see me again?
That was our promise from the beginning.
Once I get all my powers back, I'm done.
We both agreed
to make another promise then.
[wistful music playing]
Uk, there will be…
no promises.
[Mu-deok's soul] When something is gained,
something is lost.
That is the burden of the person
who uses its power.
If it is you I must lose to keep my power,
then I'm going to bear it.
[Jang Uk sighs]
[clears throat]
-Young Master.
-Yeah?
I made noodle soup, so go and have some.
-And--
-Mu-deok.
The thing surrounding
Jeongjingak right now,
I think it's very likely
to be the ice stone.
[Mu-deok] What?
He should not have realized that.
The ice stone is said
to be water, fire, and wind.
I think the barrier was formed
by its wind.
If we are really inside of it,
do you think that there is a way to take
this power without no one knowing?
I'm not sure.
I've already reached Chisu.
Can I just catch it like the Golden Fish?
No, your powers pale in comparison
to the ice stone.
It is impossible.
[sighs]
I wish your power would return
just like at Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
You would be able to do it.
[somber music playing]
What if my powers return
and Naksu decides to run away with them?
You may have to face death
if you end up getting caught.
Aren't you afraid?
I mean I already have considered that.
You may run away
once you regain your power.
And I already told you before,
I was prepared to take responsibility.
But…
I guess I'm a little afraid
that you might just abandon me without
my promise even crossing your mind.
Master.
Don't abandon me.
If you do, I will cry my eyes out. Hmm.
You say such
embarrassing things sometimes.
You'll regret it
when you think of it later.
As long as you can bear
the embarrassment, you'll be fine.
Regret is felt last minute,
and it's irreversible.
Master, endure the embarrassment
and try to be honest.
Then, you will not feel regret
at the last moment.
-Jang Uk, I--
-[Yun-ok] Young Master Jang.
I'm coming now.
She has the key
to the chamber with the banned books.
While I'm stuck here,
I'll go ahead and do some research.
Oh, Mu-deok.
Eat it by yourself. Do not get caught.
-Mm.
-[gasps softly]
[soft music playing]
[Jang Uk exhales]
Are the books
you are looking for about sorcery, Uk?
Yeah, I heard that the books
my father took from the shamans
who practiced sorcery are here
somewhere in the study.
I want to see what they were.
Hmm.
Lord Jang left these books behind.
Let me help you find them.
I will be fine here by myself.
So you can leave the key with me and go.
[whimsical music playing]
My grandfather left the key with me.
How can I just leave it with you?
Okay, I guess I'm not
the most trustworthy.
You can stay and watch me, Yun-ok.
[soft music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Uh, everyone.
There's enough space here
for everyone to sleep.
And we have enough food, so don't worry.
[Heo Yeom] Settle down for now, all right?
Yeah.
Return to Gisan immediately
and bring everyone else here.
The ice stone is here.
We need to claim our share of its power.
Understood!
Gather everyone
who is able to cast spells.
Even the elderly and children.
[mage] Yes, lord.
[suspenseful music playing]
Call all of the mages
in Cheonbugwan to Songrim now.
There could be a conflict
over the ice stone,
so we need to be prepared, too.
Yes.
[queen] Your Majesty.
I'm quite concerned for your well-being.
Perhaps, you should get some rest.
[inhales] I'm fine.
I need to see what happens.
Since the ice stone appeared,
the King's Star will also appear.
[suspenseful music continues playing]
Everyone must be waiting
for The Words of the Heart.
Let's hurry in, then.
Mm.
Sang-ho.
We brought back The Words of the Heart.
That is not so important right now.
A barrier has engulfed Jeongjingak.
What?
[brooding music playing]
Will I be caught in the end?
Then I will die.
[sighs]
It's a honey biscuit.
It seems like you've had nothing to eat.
You should eat.
Thank you so much.
You must have been surprised
to find out I am Jin Bu-yeon.
When we met last time,
it was before I found my real parents.
This is the umbrella you gave me.
I've always kept it with me since then,
in hopes you'd recognize me
if we met again.
I heard that Jin Mu helped you
find your parents, is that right?
Yeah.
Don't ever let him know about how
we had met before, Young Master.
I'm worried that it would
break my mother's heart
if she heard what I've been through.
Please, do not tell him.
[Seo Yul] They killed everyone
she had encountered.
Did she keep me a secret?
[Jang Uk] Jin Mu is unaware that
we already know of
So-i's true identity?
Then he must have killed all those people
in order to hide it from everyone else.
In the end, she will die, too.
If their plan was to shift
the Queen's soul into that body,
they intended to kill her from the start.
She's trying her best without knowing
they will kill her anyway.
Jin Mu is only using her.
Just like he used Naksu before.
It's a very unfortunate situation.
Young Master.
Did you know
that this umbrella is
no longer useful as an umbrella?
Look over here. There's a hole in it.
It has been ripped.
That's a shame.
I was told that it was very high-quality.
They must have deceived you, then.
[giggles]
-I have always been easy to deceive.
-[laughs]
Is that so?
[ominous music playing]
[Jin] What do you mean?
Master Kang has disappeared?
Uh, he drained her energy
and then walked out.
We've looked everywhere,
but we can not find him.
He couldn't have gone
anywhere near the Training Center.
The Unanimous Assembly is there.
It was crowded there all day.
He couldn't have moved undetected.
There is still a place he could be hiding
at this moment.
In the barrier of Jeongjingak
with all the young mages.
[suspenseful music playing]
[So-i gasps]
[grunts]
A soul shifter.
I'm on Jin Mu's side.
I know you.
I saw your soul being shifted from a body
of an old man into this body
that you have right now.
[laughs]
We're in this together. Please, spare me.
I need human energy immediately.
I can definitely bring you someone.
Surely, the energy of a mage
from Jeongjingak
would be better than
taking energy from me alone.
Stay hidden here,
and I will bring someone to you, okay?
-Jeongjingak's mages?
-Yes.
There is a barrier
around this place right now,
so I'm sure nobody can leave or enter.
There's a barrier surrounding us?
[breathes heavily]
[door opens]
Young Lady Jin?
What are you doing here?
I was looking for something,
but I have lost my umbrella
that I use as a cane.
Oh, it's right here.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[mage grunting]
[So-i gasping]
I will spare your life.
Now go, bring me more.
Okay.
[So-i breathes heavily]
Of the mages here,
is Seo Yul among them?
Why?
[young mage groans]
[young mage] He cut me.
So I'm going to kill him first.
Seo Yul…
is not here right now.
Bring him to me…
or I will kill you instead.
I'll bring him.
I also have someone here
I really need to get rid of.
I will bring her here, then.
So you can kill her first.
How come your cooking is so bad, Mu-deok?
Where did you learn to do this?
[Mu-deok] Since I have not told Uk yet,
I'll be Mu-deok just a bit longer.
My apologies, Your Highness.
This is the leader's wine
that Dang-gu hid away.
How is it?
It's pretty good. I like it.
[Go Won] What are they doing out there?
-Why haven't they taken down this thing?
-[Hyo] Still,
within the barrier,
the flowers are blooming,
the weather is nice,
the air is filled with energy.
It's not too bad, is it?
[Beom] Royal Highness,
you must be bored looking at flowers.
Would you like to see
my family's Hyeongong?
Cha Beom's Hyeongong
is quite a sight to behold.
Yeah?
All right, let me see it, then.
[Beom] Of course.
[thrilling music playing]
[sword clinks]
[grunts]
[pants]
[Hyo] What?
-Beom!
-Beom! Beom!
[Yeol] Beom, wake up.
-Huh?
-[Hyo] What? What just happened?
Beom! Beom!
[sighs]
Are you saying you lost
your energy when you used the spell?
[Beom] Yes.
The whole time,
I felt like my energy was being drained.
But it seems…
[breathes heavily]
…my energy has drained as water would.
When I checked his energy,
it was indeed empty.
[Beom sighs]
How did I lose my energy?
[Beom sobs]
Maybe it's the sword.
[suspenseful music playing]
The energy I gathered
in the sword just spilled out.
It seems like it is the barrier
rather than the sword.
I think this barrier takes the energy…
that is used to cast a spell.
[suspenseful music continues playing]
Within the barrier,
there will be no spells,
and, of course, no swords, either.
Let's leave them right here,
just to be safe.
[Go Won] Hmm.
That's the assassin's sword
Master Lee took from me a while ago.
He gave it to you, then?
Yes, he told me to hold on to this sword.
But Maidservant Kim
didn't like it at home,
so I've been keeping it here.
[pensive music playing]
[sighs]
[Master Lee] Keep this with you and…
pass it on to him if he comes here.
I can't really leave
and give it to someone else.
[Lee] Maidservant Kim.
Yes.
Has the Assembly ended
without any problems?
Gosh! No! Far from it.
Right now, mages from every region
are all flocking together to Songrim.
It seems like something has happened.
[Master Lee] With all this commotion,
I imagine he will come.
Is Gwanju Jang Gang really
going to come back here?
[eerie music playing]
Who are you to come to
Cheonbugwan like this?
Gwanju, you're here!
Who is the right-hand man
of the Assistant Gwanju
of Cheonbugwan, Jin Mu?
[suspenseful music playing]
Cho Chung threatened me
saying he'd reveal Uk's birth.
That's why I taught him
the alchemy of souls.
Now that he is dead,
is there anything to worry about?
Everything I did was for you
and the young master.
I have lost both my closest friend
and my wife because of sorcery.
[inhales deeply]
I will dispose of the soul ejector,
and seal the ice stone away
in Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
You cannot.
You have gone through so much
to master this spell.
How could you give up the ice stone?
You cannot.
Since you also mastered
the alchemy of souls,
I must block your energy flow
so you cannot perform sorcery.
Block my energy flow?
[stammers] You cannot.
[Jin Mu gasps]
Please, don't! I, Jin Mu,
your pupil, promise I'll never perform
the alchemy of souls that you taught me.
My Master, I swear!
[Gang] I should have cut off
his energy flow then.
I shouldn't have hidden the ice stone,
but instead, let everyone know
of my wrongdoings,
and destroyed it at Songrim.
How did Jin Mu find the ice stone…
that I sealed in Lake Gyeoncheondaeho?
Did someone find it for him?
[soft music playing]
I feel completely fine.
There is only one difference between us.
That is…
I am a soul shifter.
-[Hyo] Hey, Beom.
-Huh?
-You can just train hard again.
-[Yeol laughs awkwardly]
[Yeol] Yeah, exactly.
It's going to be fine.
[mage] Yes, come on, cheer up.
[laughs]
[Mu-deok] The ice stone is taking
all of their energy.
If I shift my soul
and take the energy of the ice stone,
does that mean
I will take all of their energy, too?
[Mu-deok's soul] When something is gained,
something is lost.
That is the burden of the person
who uses its power.
So for me to take the power…
I have to take
all of their powers as well.
Then,
they will probably die.
[somber music playing]
She meant I'd have to bear
the deaths of all those people, too.
[Go Won] Filthy Mu-deok,
what are you doing here?
[Mu-deok] He will die, too.
[Go Won] It's dangerous.
If you touch the barrier by accident,
someone like you
could get seriously injured.
Get away from it!
Are you not going to say,
"Thank you, sire"?
Have I not worried
quite a bit for you just now?
You had your energy taken earlier.
Do you feel okay?
Are you returning my worry
by worrying about me?
All right, that's fair.
Well, I seem to be okay, though.
I'm very sorry.
For what?
You couldn't eat anything
since my noodle soup
and everything I cooked wasn't good.
Have this at least.
It's Jang Uk's favorite biscuit.
Are you sharing the snack
you kept to give your master?
I'm fine. You eat it.
[scoffs]
Remember!
I should have taken those biscuits…
but chose to leave them for you.
I'm giving…
all of them to you, all right.
[Mu-deok] Even though he's selfish,
he has given me a lot.
Please, take one.
I'm giving it to you
in all sincerity, too.
-You're sincere?
-Yes.
I am sincere.
Thank you for everything, sire.
No, thanks. If you're gonna
give something,
give me something bigger, okay?
Next time, instead.
I like gifts that are bigger.
Please, just take it.
It is just the right amount for you.
Filthy Mu-deok, you really are…
You always come so ridiculously close
that it is almost rude,
but if I try to catch you,
you move away again.
The reason I don't want to try…
is because if I can't catch you
when I am trying hard…
[sighs]
Never mind. I will not accept that much.
I would have felt less sorry
if he had taken it from me.
[Mu-deok] That's right.
This is just the right amount
I should feel sorry for.
[soft chime]
[So-i] Mu-deok.
I have a favor to ask.
Could you go to the mages' residence hall?
What for?
The air is so humid.
Could you get me a new blanket?
I was told they're in there.
[suspenseful music playing]
All right, then.
What are you doing?
The fire is dying,
so I am trying to bring it back.
[Seo Yul blows]
[gasps]
[both yelp]
[whimsical music playing]
[both cough]
-[Mu-deok] Goodness.
-[coughs]
Ugh, seriously?
Are you stupid?
-Argh.
-Hold on.
Did you really just say that I was stupid?
There are so many books in this study,
and you could have almost burned them all.
I could have controlled that using spells,
but I can't use them now.
So I was flustered.
Even if you can't,
you could have still put a lid on it.
I heard you were a prodigy,
but you don't know how to use a lid
when you get confused.
-You're just thick-headed.
-Don't insult me.
It will make me angry.
[scoffs]
So you do get angry?
You used to always be calm
like lukewarm water.
Even lukewarm water can boil
and freeze, too.
It's not always the same.
[Mu-deok sighs]
It's very humid because of the fog.
Is that why your injured leg is aching?
[soft music playing]
You… remembered my injury.
[laughs softly] I'm fine. Do not worry.
[laughs softly]
You said you liked pine pollen tea snacks.
I never got to make you any.
You remembered that as well.
Does it matter if I remembered
if I have not done anything for you?
Then, make it for me next time.
[Mu-deok] There is no next time.
If I shift my soul, he will die here, too.
[Seo Yul] No, wait.
If you teach me how to make tea snacks,
I can make them, too, like last time.
You remember?
[sighs]
All…
my memories of Danhyanggok are wonderful.
[Mu-deok] Seo Yul… is going to die.
[clears throat]
I was on my way to the residence hall
to get a blanket.
I should go.
I will go to the residence hall,
so you go find Uk.
[somber music playing]
I know he's been looking for you.
[Mu-deok] I have to go back
to being Naksu.
Then I can cut off Seo Yul for good.
I have to cut ties with everyone.
[sighs]
[Go Won] Glaring at the barrier
will not break it.
You see that?
The rock went right through.
It did.
Can objects without water
pass through the barrier?
[Go Won] What an odd barrier!
Some things can go through,
but other things cannot.
Are there barriers like that?
What are they doing out there?
With all those mages gathered
around there, they can't break it through?
Is it because
it's the ice stone that made it?
They are probably just too busy fighting
over the ice stone to even try anything.
How can that be more important?
I am here, you know!
It seems you are not as important
to Her Majesty as the ice stone.
What mother acts like that?
She acts exactly like my father.
[inhales deeply]
Indeed.
Everyone already knows,
the queen is not my real mother.
Just like Jang Gang isn't your father.
That is what they all say around here.
I don't care if it hurts
your feelings or not.
I'll also get straight to the point, sire.
Will you be able to kill
the Queen and Jin Mu even if they
offer the ice stone to you?
If such a great power comes to me,
it may be hard to give that up. Yes.
You're very brave.
Being open about your own desires
requires courage, sire.
Then what about you?
What will you do
if you actually get the ice stone?
I'll do as Master Seo Gyeong did.
Seo Gyeong?
Do you mean you wish to become
a hero with the fate of the King's Star
by destroying every ice stone, then?
I think that purpose was
also his true intention.
But so is hiding one of the ice stones
to save someone precious to him.
Well, I… [smacks lips]
…prefer that story, anyway.
You said that is what written
in The Words of the Heart?
In the end, it's just a cowardly excuse
as to why he could not give up the power.
Who would actually believe that?
Oh, I can believe it.
I would have done the same thing.
What?
Rocks can pass through, right?
Write a letter telling them to save you
and throw it through the barrier.
Jang Uk.
You're a genius.
[whimsical music playing]
[Jang Uk grunts]
-Dumb barrier!
-[Go Won] Hey, Uk.
Is there a bigger rock?
[Jang Uk] You just need to
tell them to rescue you.
Why do you need a bigger one?
[Go Won] We need to write it big.
Hey, is this… is this rock embedded here?
[all mages] Cheers.
[Yeol] I mean, I don't understand,
how could Dang-gu hide this wine here
and not tell us about it?
[Hyo] I know.
We should drink it all. Go on!
-[Yeol] Let us drink. Let us drink.
-[mage] Come on guys! Drink up!
Here's the brazier.
Mu-deok.
Why are you here?
What do you mean?
Ah, Young Master Seo Yul went
to go fetch the blankets instead.
[gasps]
[breathes shakily]
So I'm going to kill him first.
[breathes heavily]
[suspenseful music playing]
[door opens]
[pants]
Young Master Seo,
you must not go in there.
-What's going on?
-Please, turn back.
Can you see me right now?
Uh, about that…
[gasps]
[tense music playing]
-[young mage yells]
-[So-i screams]
[grunts]
Young Master!
[So-i screams]
[grunts]
[laughs, yelps]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[So-i screams]
-[So-i] Young Master!
-[groans]
-Young Master! Oh, no! Young Master!
[So-i wailing]
[suspenseful music playing]
Young Master!
[shouts]
[grunts]
[Beom] What?
[stammers] Who are you?
[young mage grunts]
[shouts]
[grunts in pain]
[Yeol] Yul! Yul! Yul!
[all shout]
-[So-i] Young Master!
-[Yun-ok] Are you all right?
[grunts]
[mages yell]
[mage groans]
[energy whooshing]
Yul.
-What happened?
-[Yeol] A soul shifter.
There's a soul shifter.
-What?
-[door opens]
[Beom pants]
There's a soul shifter.
A soul shifter has consumed
Yun-su and Jin-ho's energy.
The soul shifter is Master Kang.
He is a very strong mage.
To make matters worse,
he's using energy to cast spells.
It's impossible.
No one can cast spells in this place.
How could a soul shifter do it?
Even though we lose our energy here,
I think it is the opposite for them.
[Mu-deok] What if my powers return
and Naksu decides to run away with them?
You may have to face death
if you end up getting caught.
Aren't you afraid?
I guess I'm a little afraid
that you might just abandon me without
my promise even crossing your mind.
-Jang Uk, I--
-[Yun-ok] Young Master Jang.
Where is Mu-deok?
Mu-deok, where is she, huh?
She was with us earlier.
[Beom] Where did she go?
So there was something in my way.
They will all die at this rate.
When I shift my soul,
they'll all perish, anyway.
It doesn't make any sense to help them.
[inhales deeply]
It will be the best way to cut ties.
This is the very last time
I will help them. After this, though,
never again.
[Beom] Mu-deok.
-Where have you been?
-I'm here, aren't I?
Uk has…
Uk is going to die.
[eerie music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Jang Uk] No one can beat him in here.
We can't all die.
So I'll lure him into
the Secret Room and lock him up.
[Beom] If Uk is trapped
in the Secret Room with that soul shifter,
he's going to die.
-Why?
-[sobbing]
Why did my young master go alone?
He said it had to be him,
that it was his responsibility.
[sobbing continues]
-Where do you think you are going?
-I need to check that room.
If the door is not actually closed,
that means he died
before luring the soul shifter.
And if the door is locked,
that means he died inside.
There's nothing you can do.
You said you would not try to catch me.
You cannot stop me.
Let me go.
[somber music playing]
[Go Won] And if the door is locked,
that means he died inside.
[Jang Uk] Regret is felt last minute,
and it's irreversible.
Jang Uk.
[whimpers]
[loud rumbling]
[intense music playing]
[intense music continues playing]
[groans]
[somber music playing]
[sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[soft footsteps approaching]
You are alive…
my dear pupil.
Why did you hide your power?
So…
you would die, too.
Then why…
did you come?
Because…
[inhales deeply]
…I was afraid you'd die.
Now that you've drawn your sword…
you must decide.
I know you've been avoiding it.
And I know that
your decision could kill all of us.
As we promised,
point your sword at me first.
[gasps]
[somber music playing]
[Jang Uk] You stab me,
and I'll take responsibility
for setting Naksu upon the world,
and I will die.
If you don't…
well, at that time,
I will make you another promise.
Now…
make your next promise…
to me right now, Young Master.
[soft music playing]
What human being would be able
to refuse such a great power?
In order to protect
what must be protected.
What if I gave it everything?
I'm trying to do the same.
What is he doing here?
[Jin Mu]
Jin Bu-yeon's immense divine powers
did not only come from
her mother of the Jin family.
[queen] Park Jin! You knew everything
and decided to hide it.
[screams]
[Master Lee] When it does,
those who must go will go,
and those who must return will return.
Young Master, do what you must do.
[Jang Uk] It's spirit
instead of being full of it.
I'm going to do just that.
Just as my master taught me to.
-[Mu-deok] …look that pretty?
-Wow!
[Jang Uk] I heard there was a bride
getting married soon.